hello everyone this is Ron from hi-tech
Legion and this is a geforce gtx 550 ti
from EVGA with the free performance
boost the stock gtx 550 ti as a standard
900 megahertz core clock in three
thousand six hundred megahertz stock
memory clock but the fpb are at free
performance boost edition from EVGA this
clock at nine hundred fifty one
megahertz in the core and 403 4356
megahertz in a memory clock at the back
of the box you can see a list of key
features on the gtx 550 ti video card
including microsoft's directx 11 nvidia
cuda technology Nvidia PhysX purevideo
HD SLI surround and 3d vision
technologies there's also the warranty
information printed at the back which
states that this video card is covered
under EVGA 3-year warranty program which
covers parts and labor
there's also extended warranty available
if you register your video card serial
number found here at the lower left hand
corner on EVGA s website within 30 days
of purchase for further support it is
available at 12 / 7 for all EVGA
customers and EVGA comm / support and
this EVGA gtx 550 ti also comes with the
EVGA precision overclocking utility and
comes with a custom skin for and also
comes with a free OC scanner which you
can use to overclock the gtx 550 ti up
to an according to the nvidia
promotional slides it's possibly is able
to overclock to 1900
so there should be pretty interesting to
try later on at the see at the bottom
the box you can see the list of the
contents of the package including the
card itself the driver and software
discs an adapter a DVI to vga adapter
and the user's guide and also here in
the lower left-hand corner you can see
the system requirements which states
that this card uses the requires rather
a 400 watt or greater power supply
with a minimum between 4 amps on a 12
volt rail the box itself is covered in
plastic protective plastic covering
which has to be removed if you have any
knife or any sharp object you can just
simply pressure inside and slowly peel
it away gone you can take the box right
away so we can see the card fee camped
and is in a that's applied all the
contents first on the box and plate on
the side make sure there's nothing left
no box ok let's put that aside move it
and as you can see the card is inside a
anti-static bag with EVG markings all
over and let's look at the accessories
included first before we go into detail
on the card and self well what we have
here is a VGA to DVI converter adaptor
and the power supply adapter which is a
2 4-pin molex into a 6 pin and we have
there's a Quick Start Guide for people
don't want to read a full manual you
just this is a reference guide tool to
install your video card and here we have
a a little folder with the clothes in it
is the users guide for users guide and
the software CD also it looks like there
is a sticker included
a which is a little sticker badge you
can put it on your case
and now we're going to open the we're
gonna put these accessories aside and
look at the figure of the card itself in
detail okay there is a caution tape
there static sensor devices not to be
handled but unauthorized person hands
well is your body if the bag is thicker
than the usual HD bags found in other
devices damaged and hard before you hang
on
alright see it is quite small especially
compared to a through a GTX 460 or GTX I
mean right at GTX 580 okay we are just
gonna a quick look I'm going to grab a
GTX 450 compare the size this is the GTX
450 from from stock GTX 450 from the
Nvidia so you can see the actually
similar size their pay now should be the
same but the gtx 550 ti is an
improvement over the gtx 450
architecture and put the 450 aside and
look and 550d are in great detail it has
a single fan by the center you can see
through there there is in a aluminum
heatsink there's a plastic shroud with a
gtx 550 i blow over now alright in the
corner there and it comes in a black PCB
well actually we're there with the
copper traces a thick PCB and the this
end you can see that there is a 6 pin
power connector and the 4 pin fan
connector and we're going to look for
the SLR connector there is only a single
as a light connector since this is a
this is a g
550 ti you can only SLI two of them at
most and see the connectors of the rear
there is a an HDMI HDMI actually is a
mini HDMI port and two dual link DVI
ports and the top top bracket of the top
of the rear bracket is dedicated to
exhausting hot air now we're going to
fire up the EVGA gtx 550 ti it's slider
system and see what the numbers are like